# Combination-Solver
For this project, I first stored the inputted rows of characters in a matrix and proceeded to store them in a string. I would then pass this string into a function created just for the rows of the matrix that would perform the KMP algorithm on the strings. It would create an array that will store the longest prefix, which is a suffix in the hint string. This will be used to skip characters when we are matching strings. In addition, while the strings are being matched, if the hint string is found in the other string then a variable will be incremented. At the end of the function, the incremented variable value will be stored in a vector. Moreover, the same thing will occur for the columns of the matrix except that the columns will be stored to a different string directly from the matrix columns. Once the KMP algorithm is complete, the vectors will contain the combinations for the rows and columns. At this point, another function will be called to find the longest common subsequence between the rows and columns. This function will then print out the sequence and the program will terminate. This program runs in O(N^2) because the worst-case time complexity of the KMP algorithm is O(N) and it takes O(N) time to input the characters and store the rows/columns in a string. So, it takes O(2N) to perform the KMP algorithm and store the rows or columns in a string. This needs to run N times so it comes out to be O(N^2) for the rows and O(N^2) for the columns, which is O(2N^2). Then, the time complexity for the longest sequence function is O(N^2) as it uses the longest common subsequence algorithm. Therefore, the time complexity for the program should be about O(3N^2). Thus, the program performs in O(N^2) time.
